docs/slimmer_templates.md, before:

# Slimmer Templates

## `gem_layout`

This template uses the [public layout component] from the GOV.UK Publishing Components gem. It supplies the header and footer only - this includes the cookie banner, skip to content link, header bar, emergency banner, survey banner, global bar, feedback, and footer. The content is constrained and centred.

## `gem_layout_full_width`

This is the same as the `gem_layout` template, except that this layout **doesn't** constrain and centre the content to the same width as the GOV.UK header.

Use this layout if you want to have full width content - such as the blue welcome bar on the GOV.UK homepage.

## `core_layout` (default)

This template contains styles for the black header bar, the footer and core layout classes. By default it will centre your content to the same width as the GOV.UK header. It provides classes for grid layouts using the column mixins from the frontend toolkit.

This layout uses deprecated dependencies.

## `header_footer_only`

This template only contains styles for the black header bar and the footer of GOV.UK.

Use this layout if you want to explicitly control the full layout of your page including centering all the content.

This layout uses deprecated dependencies.

[public layout component]: https://components.publishing.service.gov.uk/component-guide/layout_for_public

Commit message:

Add gem layout template variation for accounts
The Accounts team are relocating some of the account pages to the
frontend app. Since frontend app uses static, and certain aspects of the
account manager template differ greatly from the default gem layout,
this warrants the introduction of a new template for use on Accounts
pages.
Some main differences are that the Account logo link is for the account
homepage (as opposed to govuk homepage). The Account product name should
be present in the header. The navigation should be comprised of
account-related links.
Additionally, the feedback component at the bottom of the page should be
hidden as the account has its own version of a feedback component/link.

docs/slimmer_templates.md, after:

# Slimmer Templates

## `gem_layout`

This template uses the [public layout component] from the GOV.UK Publishing Components gem. It supplies the header and footer only - this includes the cookie banner, skip to content link, header bar, emergency banner, survey banner, global bar, feedback, and footer. The content is constrained and centred.

## `gem_layout_full_width`

This is the same as the `gem_layout` template, except that this layout **doesn't** constrain and centre the content to the same width as the GOV.UK header.

Use this layout if you want to have full width content - such as the blue welcome bar on the GOV.UK homepage.

## `gem_layout_account`

This is a variation on the `gem_layout` template intended to be used on GOV.UK Account pages. This layout **doesn't** include the feedback component as the account pages use a different one from the rest of GOV.UK.

This also includes the Account product name in the layout header and changes the logo link to the account homepage link.

## `core_layout` (default)

This template contains styles for the black header bar, the footer and core layout classes. By default it will centre your content to the same width as the GOV.UK header. It provides classes for grid layouts using the column mixins from the frontend toolkit.

This layout uses deprecated dependencies.

## `header_footer_only`

This template only contains styles for the black header bar and the footer of GOV.UK.

Use this layout if you want to explicitly control the full layout of your page including centering all the content.

This layout uses deprecated dependencies.

[public layout component]: https://components.publishing.service.gov.uk/component-guide/layout_for_public
